Do you find physical Home Button is hard to press? Do you worry your home button will be broken soon? Do you feel your notification bar is too far to reach?

Swipe Home Button is a revolutionary tool that changes the way you control your android.
It provide five most useful actions on Android with bezel swipe gestures.

No more Home Button. No more reaching to the status bar.
And, now it is possible to use your big phone with only one hand!


Five most useful actions!
1, Go back to home screen
    ----Save your weary fragile home button.
2, Show recent apps
    ----Save one second wasted on long press.
3, Pull down notification
    ----No more reaching to the far notification bar.
4, Play next track. 
    ----One swipe to play next track even if you are in a full screen game.
5, Open any other app
    ----You could open you most used app in one action!


Five Amazing customizable swipe gestures!
1, Swipe up
    ----Swipe up into the screen from the outside of bottom center screen.
2, Swipe far up
    ----Swipe up into the screen from the outside of bottom center screen and go over 2/5 height of the screen.
3, Swipe up down
    ----Swipe up into the screen from the outside of bottom center screen and continue swipe back down outside the screen.
4, Swipe up left
    ----Swipe far up left into the screen from outside of bottom center screen.
5, Swipe up right
   ----Swipe far up right into the screen from outside of bottom center screen.


Check out the video to feel the easy and clean swipe gestures!

Swipe Home Button is compatible with any 4.0+ devices! Including your Galaxy S4, Galaxy S3, Galaxy S2, HTC One. However, this app is not suitable for device with virtual buttons.

In addition, This app has a tiny footprint. Not a single unnecessary permission is required.

Free your Home Button with gestures!


##Important hints: 
1, You could hide notification bar icon. With Android 4.1+, you could even hide the icon in notification pull-down by unchecking "show notification" setting in your phone's application manager. Otherwise it is required to have a notification icon to keep the swipes work.
2, Every swipe should start from outside of the screen. The swipe don't need to be fast.

To HTC One user: 
Dear HTC one users, I am aware of the problem of the black bar. I currently don't have a good solution. I will try to hide the black bar and then add menu button as a swipe gesture. However, I currently have no idea if it is possible to achieve that.
Here is a possible workaround. A dear user told me that when the black bar presents, try to use the black bar as the bottom of the screen and do the swipe. It could work but may not be so well. I am glad this app could be helpful for you guys.